Add API documentation for PlayCanvas React (#826)
playcanvas/developer-site: docs/user-manual/playcanvas-react/api/camera.mdx

---
description: Documentation for the Camera component
---

# `<Camera/>`

import { CodeExample, Staging } from '@site/src/components/playcanvas-react/CodeExample';
import { Application } from '@playcanvas/react';
import { CameraExample } from './camera-example';
import CameraExampleSource from '!!raw-loader!./camera-example.jsx';

> Without a camera in your scene, nothing will be rendered. The `<Camera/>` component enables an [`<Entity/>`](../entity) to render a scene from it's perspective. The entity's position and rotation to control the cameras viewpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without a camera in your scene, nothing will be rendered. The `<Camera/>` component enables an [`<Entity/>`](../entity) to render a scene from its perspective. Set the entity's position and rotation to control the camera's viewpoint.
```

## Usage

Attach a `<Camera/>` to an [`<Entity/>`](../entity) and it will render the scene from the entity's position and rotation.

```tsx
<Entity>
  <Camera clearColor="red" />
</Entity>
```

> In this example we're switching between 2 different cameras in the scene, each with it's own properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we're switching between 2 different cameras in the scene, each with its own properties.
```
